Are there any driving schools in Blumenthal?
Show me the bakeries in Findorff.
How many castles does Bremen have?
How many kindergartens are there in Schönebeck?
List the pharmacies in Burglesum.
Is Friedehorst bus stop located in Losum?
Is Weserhäuser part of Überseestadt?
Which restaurants are in Gröpelingen?
How many churches does Vegesack have?
How many playgrounds are adjacent to a school?
Does the district Hemelingen border Obervieland?
Which park borders Muhles Park?
Which canals of Findorff border Schwachhausen?
Which administrative boundaries border Woltmershausen and Neustadt?
Which is the highest church in Bremen?
Show me the bicycle parking in Mitte with highest capacity.
Which is the largest bicycle parking in Horn-Lehe?
Which is the smallest stadium in Peterswerder?
Which is the widest footpath in Altstadt?
Which suburbs have more than 30000 population?
How many cycling paths have more than 4m width?
Which apartment blocks have more than 50m height?
Which is the closest cafe from Nelson Mandela Park?
Which stream passes through Jedutenberg and borders Stadtwald Ahnthammsmoor?
Which parkings within 2 km of Hohentor have capacity more than 500?
Show me the cafes within 500 meters of Martinistraße bus stop.
Which ATMs are close to Dom-Museum?
Is there any bicycle parking in a range of 200 m from Knochenhauerstraße?
How many Supermarkets are less than 500 meters from Theatergarten?
Which is the closest bus stop to Mozartstraße?
List the forests near Woltmershausen.
Show me the airports at most 15 km from Golf-Club Oberneuland.
List the canals that cross Blockland.
Which parks does the Ihle stream cross?
How many forests does Hollerfleet cross?
Which bridges cross Habenhauser Landwehr stream?
Does Lockstromleitung pass through any park?
How many farmlands does Arberger Kanal cross?
Does Delmestraße cross Pappelstraße?
Does Burglesum have a stadium?
Which administrative boundaries border Findorff?
Is Bürgerhain forest adjacent to a park?
Which is the biggest stadium in Peterswerder?
How many parkings have greater than 1000 capacity?